### Data Repository for Final Project

#### Introduction
##### The Final Project - Chicago Winter in Visuals

The project is designed to analyze the Chicago weather station data from the resource Visual Crossing Weather (https://www.visualcrossing.com), and present the key facts of Chicago winter. For example, it feels worse than the typical midwest winter
due to the humidity and wind, which makes people feels colder than actual temperature. The short time of daylight and the low solar energy in Chicago area easily triggers seasonal depression. The visualization will explore the weather data with many different tools.

##### The data

**winter21-22.csv**

This is a cleaned CSV data of the past winter. I decide to select the nearest winter to visualize several factors: temperature,feels-like temperature, humidity, windspeed, time of sunrise, time of sunsettime, and hours of daytime. </p>
The date (year, month, day) is generated based on the original time value from the raw data. It is split into 3 columns with numeric values of the year, month and day so the data can be easily aggregated. </p>
The times are generated based on the character values from the raw database, I simplified the data into numeric values and round up to 2 decimals (from 0.00 to 24.00, representing the time of a day according to 24-hour clock).

**solar_21.csv**

This is a cleaned CSV data of the solar data in Chicago over the year of 2021. Because the website of the data source only allows 1000 queries per day, this data is limited to one year. As the project goes on, this will eventually be a averaged data across past years (preferrebly 20 year or more). The format will remain the same and it will be generated by the same data cleaning code. </p>
This data includes a numeric column indicating the month of the year, the average time of sunrise avg_sunrisetime, the average time of sunset avg_sunsettime, the average hours of daylight avg_daytime, and the sum of monthly solar energy received in Chicago area agg_solar_energy.